All right, so we are gonna be
doing one more algorithms course.
I know the last one was called the last
algorithms course you'll need,
this one's called the last
algorithms course you'll want,
you'll understand at the end of that at
the end of this why we called it this.
It'll be very, very much so fun.
And I've never done anything
purely on a whiteboard,
this will be my first
whiteboarding experience.
I've always done things behind those nice
keyboard keys with the Vim terminal, so
this is kind of a new experience for me.
Hopefully it's a new experience for
everybody else.
So today I'm going to try to do things in
a certain way which is probably a little
unusual considering I've
already done one course on it.
This course will cover some of the same
material, some in way lighter versions
just so we make sure we're all
on the exact same page, and
some in much deeper style just because
we have to be able to take that and
take it to the next concept which is
inevitably harder than the previous one.
We'll be using all the fun different
algorithms that I can fit in this
amount of time.
I tried to pick the best ones, the ones
either that I liked the most, or actually,
it's just the ones I like the most.
I really am only picking the ones
that I just think are the most fun
that aren't like your
intro level algorithms.
So there's no linked list today,
though I may say the word linked list,
there will be no stacks, queues any of
that, but we will use stacks and queues or
talk about them.
And so I kind of have an expectation that
you have a basic level of understanding of
algorithms.
You know how to walk a tree, everyone here
is comfortable with recursion, right?
All right, good, some joke about knowing
recursion requires you to know recursion.